dbschema -d db -t access             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblaccess                
dbschema -d db -t activity           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblactivity              
dbschema -d db -t acview             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblacview                
dbschema -d db -t adjdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbladjdet                
dbschema -d db -t adjmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbladjmas                
dbschema -d db -t analysis           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblanalysis              
dbschema -d db -t apctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapctrl                
dbschema -d db -t apidet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapidet                
dbschema -d db -t apigl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapigl                 
dbschema -d db -t apimas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapimas                
dbschema -d db -t apjnldet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapjnldet              
dbschema -d db -t apjnlmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblapjnlmas              
dbschema -d db -t archbat            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarchbat               
dbschema -d db -t archdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarchdet               
dbschema -d db -t archmast           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarchmast              
dbschema -d db -t arctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarctrl                
dbschema -d db -t area               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarea                  
dbschema -d db -t arfdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarfdet                
dbschema -d db -t arfgl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarfgl                        
dbschema -d db -t arfmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarfmas                       
dbschema -d db -t aridet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblaridet                       
dbschema -d db -t aridet_pkp         /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblaridet_pkp                   
dbschema -d db -t arigl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarigl                        
dbschema -d db -t arimas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarimas                       
dbschema -d db -t arimas_pkp         /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarimas_pkp                   
dbschema -d db -t arjnldet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarjnldet                     
dbschema -d db -t arjnlmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblarjnlmas                     
dbschema -d db -t ascii              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblascii                        
dbschema -d db -t author             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblauthor                       
dbschema -d db -t bankgrt            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbankgrt                      
dbschema -d db -t banktrn            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbanktrn                      
dbschema -d db -t batch              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbatch                        
dbschema -d db -t batdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbatdet                       
dbschema -d db -t batmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbatmas                       
dbschema -d db -t billdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbilldet                      
dbschema -d db -t billgl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbillgl                       
dbschema -d db -t billmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbillmas               
dbschema -d db -t bkacc              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbkacc                 
dbschema -d db -t bktrcode           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblbktrcode              
dbschema -d db -t cbcgl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbcgl                 
dbschema -d db -t cbctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbctrl                
dbschema -d db -t cbpch              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbpch                 
dbschema -d db -t cbpgl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbpgl                 
dbschema -d db -t cbpmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbpmas                
dbschema -d db -t cbrgl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbrgl                 
dbschema -d db -t cbrmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbrmas                
dbschema -d db -t cbxfr              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbxfr                 
dbschema -d db -t cbxgl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcbxgl                 
dbschema -d db -t cccnmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcccnmas               
dbschema -d db -t cccustledger       /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcccustledger          
dbschema -d db -t ccdnmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblccdnmas               
dbschema -d db -t ccinsmark          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblccinsmark             
dbschema -d db -t ccndet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblccndet                           
dbschema -d db -t ccrcmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblccrcmas               
dbschema -d db -t ccttsmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblccttsmas              
dbschema -d db -t cdtype             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcdtype                
dbschema -d db -t chqrgl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchqrgl                
dbschema -d db -t chqrmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchqrmas               
dbschema -d db -t cndet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcndet                 
dbschema -d db -t cnfile             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcnfile                
dbschema -d db -t cngl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcngl                  
dbschema -d db -t cnlist             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcnlist                
dbschema -d db -t cnlistdet          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcnlistdet             
dbschema -d db -t cnmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcnmas                 
dbschema -d db -t cntype             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcntype                
dbschema -d db -t colldet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcolldet               
dbschema -d db -t collmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcollmas               
dbschema -d db -t company            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcompany               
dbschema -d db -t company_pkp        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcompany_pkp           
dbschema -d db -t contmain           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcontmain              
dbschema -d db -t fadispl            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfadispl               
dbschema -d db -t faglctrl           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfaglctrl              
dbschema -d db -t famast             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfamast                
dbschema -d db -t fareval            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfareval               
dbschema -d db -t farmap             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfarmap                
dbschema -d db -t farmast            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfarmast               
dbschema -d db -t farmast2           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfarmast2              
dbschema -d db -t fatran             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfatran                
dbschema -d db -t fatsfer            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfatsfer               
dbschema -d db -t fintab             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfintab                
dbschema -d db -t forfeit            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblforfeit               
dbschema -d db -t frepdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfrepdet               
dbschema -d db -t frepmast           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfrepmast              
dbschema -d db -t glacc              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblglacc                 
dbschema -d db -t glacc2             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblglacc2                
dbschema -d db -t glctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblglctrl                
dbschema -d db -t gljnldet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblgljnldet              
dbschema -d db -t misctab            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblmisctab                        
dbschema -d db -t modrwx             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblmodrwx                      
dbschema -d db -t opcdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblopcdet                      
dbschema -d db -t opcmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblopcmas                      
dbschema -d db -t opdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblopdet                       
dbschema -d db -t opmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblopmas                       
dbschema -d db -t othindet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblothindet                    
dbschema -d db -t othinmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblothinmas                    
dbschema -d db -t othoutdet          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblothoutdet                   
dbschema -d db -t othoutmas          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblothoutmas                   
dbschema -d db -t password           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpassword                    
dbschema -d db -t pbage              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpbage                                                 
dbschema -d db -t eclass             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbleclass                 
dbschema -d db -t edgl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbledgl                   
dbschema -d db -t edtran             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbledtran                 
dbschema -d db -t fdet               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfdet                   
dbschema -d db -t fgl                /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfgl                    
dbschema -d db -t fmas               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfmas                   
dbschema -d db -t ptacc              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblptacc                  
dbschema -d db -t ptdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblptdet                  
dbschema -d db -t ptmast             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblptmast                 
dbschema -d db -t tdet               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltdet                   
dbschema -d db -t tgl                /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltgl                    
dbschema -d db -t tmas               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltmas                   
dbschema -d db -t chdescdet          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchdescdet              
dbschema -d db -t chdescmas          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchdescmas              
dbschema -d db -t chdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchdet                  
dbschema -d db -t chmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblchmas                  
dbschema -d db -t cndet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcndet                        
dbschema -d db -t sysset             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysset                
dbschema -d db -t sysuser            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysuser               
dbschema -d db -t tbaccess           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltbaccess              
dbschema -d db -t tbalist            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltbalist               
dbschema -d db -t tbmodule           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltbmodule              
dbschema -d db -t tboperator         /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltboperator            
dbschema -d db -t tbprogram          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltbprogram             
dbschema -d db -t tcabang            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltcabang               
dbschema -d db -t tcsdodet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltcsdodet              
dbschema -d db -t territory          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblterritory             
dbschema -d db -t tfoth              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltfoth                 
dbschema -d db -t tinvdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltinvdet               
dbschema -d db -t tmp_rcpt           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltmp_rcpt              
dbschema -d db -t tmpfa              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltmpfa                 
dbschema -d db -t tmpptc             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltmpptc                
dbschema -d db -t trader             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltrader                
dbschema -d db -t trspt              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltrspt                 
dbschema -d db -t contra             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcontra                        
dbschema -d db -t crating            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcrating               
dbschema -d db -t crdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcrdet                 
dbschema -d db -t credit             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcredit                
dbschema -d db -t crgl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcrgl                  
dbschema -d db -t crmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcrmas                 
dbschema -d db -t csdodet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcsdodet               
dbschema -d db -t csdodet2           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcsdodet2              
dbschema -d db -t cspmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcspmas                
dbschema -d db -t csrmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcsrmas                
dbschema -d db -t curr               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcurr                  
dbschema -d db -t currency           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcurrency              
dbschema -d db -t custmast           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcustmast              
dbschema -d db -t custopname         /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblcustopname            
dbschema -d db -t dbconfig           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldbconfig              
dbschema -d db -t discmain           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldiscmain              
dbschema -d db -t dlock              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldlock                 
dbschema -d db -t dndet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldndet                 
dbschema -d db -t gljnlmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblgljnlmas              
dbschema -d db -t hatch              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblhatch                 
dbschema -d db -t hatdoc             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblhatdoc                
dbschema -d db -t hfamast            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblhfamast               
dbschema -d db -t hfatran            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblhfatran               
dbschema -d db -t hglacc             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblhglacc                
dbschema -d db -t inv_curr           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblinv_curr              
dbschema -d db -t invdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblinvdet                
dbschema -d db -t invdet2            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblinvdet2               
dbschema -d db -t invoice            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblinvoice               
dbschema -d db -t itemast            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblitemast               
dbschema -d db -t itfdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblitfdet                
dbschema -d db -t itfmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblitfmas                
dbschema -d db -t jnctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbljnctrl                
dbschema -d db -t jnctrldet          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbljnctrldet             
dbschema -d db -t jnldet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbljnldet                
dbschema -d db -t jnlinv             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbljnlinv                
dbschema -d db -t jnlmast            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbljnlmast               
dbschema -d db -t pcndet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcndet                      
dbschema -d db -t pcngl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcngl                       
dbschema -d db -t pcnmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcnmas                      
dbschema -d db -t pcodet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcodet                      
dbschema -d db -t pcogl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcogl                       
dbschema -d db -t pcomas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcomas                      
dbschema -d db -t pcrate             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpcrate                      
dbschema -d db -t pdndet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpdndet                      
dbschema -d db -t pdngl              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpdngl                       
dbschema -d db -t pdnmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpdnmas                      
dbschema -d db -t period             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblperiod                      
dbschema -d db -t phase              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblphase                       
dbschema -d db -t pjob               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpjob                        
dbschema -d db -t podet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpodet                       
dbschema -d db -t pomas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpomas                       
dbschema -d db -t pomas2             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpomas2                      
dbschema -d db -t poprod             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpoprod                      
dbschema -d db -t scnmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblscnmas                   
dbschema -d db -t sdodet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdodet                  
dbschema -d db -t sdodet2            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdodet2                 
dbschema -d db -t sdomas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdomas                  
dbschema -d db -t sdomas2            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdomas2                 
dbschema -d db -t sdomas_x           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdomas_x                
dbschema -d db -t sdomasoth          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdomasoth               
dbschema -d db -t sdonum             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdonum                  
dbschema -d db -t sdonum2            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsdonum2                 
dbschema -d db -t shortpay           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblshortpay                
dbschema -d db -t sinvnum            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsinvnum                 
dbschema -d db -t soctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsoctrl                  
dbschema -d db -t soltab             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsoltab                  
dbschema -d db -t sorder             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsorder                  
dbschema -d db -t srate              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsrate                   
dbschema -d db -t staff              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstaff                   
dbschema -d db -t stdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstdet                   
dbschema -d db -t stmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstmas                   
dbschema -d db -t tsdodet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbltsdodet                           
dbschema -d db -t ttradtrn           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblttradtrn              
dbschema -d db -t ulegal             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblulegal                
dbschema -d db -t uloan              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbluloan                 
dbschema -d db -t umisc              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblumisc                 
dbschema -d db -t unit               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblunit                  
dbschema -d db -t upurch             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblupurch                
dbschema -d db -t uresid             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbluresid                
dbschema -d db -t usched             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblusched                
dbschema -d db -t usdrp              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblusdrp                 
dbschema -d db -t userid             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbluserid                
dbschema -d db -t v_invdet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblv_invdet              
dbschema -d db -t v_sdomasdet        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblv_sdomasdet           
dbschema -d db -t v_subdept          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblv_subdept             
dbschema -d db -t whmast             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblwhmast                
dbschema -d db -t xjnldet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblxjnldet               
dbschema -d db -t xjnlmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblxjnlmas               
dbschema -d db -t dngl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldngl                  
dbschema -d db -t dnmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldnmas                 
dbschema -d db -t dnotedet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldnotedet              
dbschema -d db -t dnotemas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldnotemas              
dbschema -d db -t docattr            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldocattr               
dbschema -d db -t docdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldocdet                
dbschema -d db -t docmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldocmas                
dbschema -d db -t doprn              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldoprn                 
dbschema -d db -t dptmnt             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldptmnt                
dbschema -d db -t drdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldrdet                 
dbschema -d db -t drgl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldrgl                  
dbschema -d db -t drmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbldrmas                 
dbschema -d db -t exrthdr            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblexrthdr               
dbschema -d db -t faadj              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfaadj                 
dbschema -d db -t facat              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfacat                 
dbschema -d db -t factrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfactrl                
dbschema -d db -t fadisdet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblfadisdet              
dbschema -d db -t keytab             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblkeytab                      
dbschema -d db -t legaldet           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllegaldet               
dbschema -d db -t legalmas           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllegalmas               
dbschema -d db -t letdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblletdet                 
dbschema -d db -t lethdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllethdet                
dbschema -d db -t lethmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllethmas                
dbschema -d db -t letmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblletmas                 
dbschema -d db -t loantab            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblloantab                
dbschema -d db -t loanwk             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblloanwk                 
dbschema -d db -t lstdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllstdet                 
dbschema -d db -t lstmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tbllstmas                 
dbschema -d db -t ltrdet             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblltrdet                 
dbschema -d db -t ltrhdet            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblltrhdet                
dbschema -d db -t ltrhmas            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblltrhmas                
dbschema -d db -t ltrmas             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblltrmas                 
dbschema -d db -t macro              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblmacro                  
dbschema -d db -t mcntyp             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblmcntyp                 
dbschema -d db -t prfin              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprfin                 
dbschema -d db -t prmiscgl           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprmiscgl              
dbschema -d db -t prnfile            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprnfile               
dbschema -d db -t prodcat            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprodcat               
dbschema -d db -t project            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblproject               
dbschema -d db -t projection         /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprojection            
dbschema -d db -t prospect           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprospect              
dbschema -d db -t prprop             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprprop                
dbschema -d db -t prschgl            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblprschgl               
dbschema -d db -t ptctrl             /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblptctrl                
dbschema -d db -t pydet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpydet                 
dbschema -d db -t pygl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpygl                  
dbschema -d db -t pymas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblpymas                 
dbschema -d db -t rcdet              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblrcdet                 
dbschema -d db -t rcgl               /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblrcgl                  
dbschema -d db -t rcmas              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblrcmas                 
dbschema -d db -t stock              /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock                         
dbschema -d db -t stock_balance      /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_balance                 
dbschema -d db -t stock_in           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_in                      
dbschema -d db -t stock_in_det       /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_in_det                  
dbschema -d db -t stock_item_bal     /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_item_bal                
dbschema -d db -t stock_item_code    /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_item_code               
dbschema -d db -t stock_out          /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_out                     
dbschema -d db -t stock_out_det      /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_out_det                 
dbschema -d db -t stock_tfdet        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_tfdet                   
dbschema -d db -t stock_tfmas        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblstock_tfmas                   
dbschema -d db -t subdept            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsubdept                       
dbschema -d db -t subdept_tmp        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsubdept_tmp                   
dbschema -d db -t sysgroupdet        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysgroupdet                   
dbschema -d db -t sysgrouphdr        /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysgrouphdr                   
dbschema -d db -t sysmenu            /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysmenu                       
dbschema -d db -t sysmenuitems       /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysmenuitems                  
dbschema -d db -t sysmenus           /hd_ext/yudi/sci/tblsysmenus                      
               